Add Fulltextsearch Capability (#6370)
owncloud/ocis: services/search/README.md

*   See the [ocis_wopi](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi) example.
*   Containers for the linked service are reachable at a hostname identical to the alias or the service name if no alias was specified.

> If using `tika` extractor, make sure to also set `FRONTEND_FULL_TEXT_SEARCH_ENABLED` in the frontend service. This will tell the webclient that full-text search is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using the `tika` extractor, make sure to also set `FRONTEND_FULL_TEXT_SEARCH_ENABLED` in the frontend service to `true`. This will tell the webclient that full-text search has been enabled.
```
